Add Opencast and Postiz to Hacktoberfest swag list (#944)
crweiner/hacktoberfest-swag-list: docs/list.md

    - [Side quests and challenges](https://oss.gg/)
- **Notes**: Read [oss.gg](https://oss.gg/) for more information.

#### **Owncast**

> - **Swag**: Digital badge, Owncast [t-shirt](https://gabekangas.typeform.com/to/Wfx9UHVZ?typeform-source=owncast.online), the contributors thank-you video on [Owncast TV](https://watch.owncast.online/)
> - **Requirements**:
>     - Register for Hacktoberfest 2024 by clicking [here](https://hacktoberfest.com/participation/)
>     - Make quality contributions to Owncast (e.g. fix a bug, write useful documentation, create content around Owncast)
>     - Get 4 pull/merge requests accepted during Hacktoberfest to level up your digital badge
> - **How to sign up**: No seperate signup known
> - **Issues**: Look for [Good First Issues](https://github.com/owncast/owncast/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
> - **Notes**: Read the [Owncast Contributor Guide](https://owncast.online/docs/contributing/) and for more info check [here](https://owncast.online/hacktoberfest/#content-no-code-or-low-code-contributions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Swag**: T-shirt.
- **Requirements**:
	- Make quality code or non-code or low code contributions to Owncast (e.g. fix a bug, write useful documentation, create content around Owncast).
	- After contributing, [fill this form to request a T-shirt.](https://gabekangas.typeform.com/to/Wfx9UHVZ)
- **How to sign up**: No separate signup known.
- **Issues**: All eligible [open issues.](https://github.com/owncast/owncast/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
- **Notes**: Read the [Owncast Contributing Guidelines](https://owncast.online/hacktoberfest/#what-do-you-receive-by-contributing-to-owncast-during-hacktoberfest) for more information.
```

### P

#### **Postiz**

> - **Swag**: T-shirt for every merged PR (max 1 per person).
> - **Requirements**:
>   - You must create an issue before making a pull request.
>   - You can also ask to be assigned to an issue. During Hacktoberfest, each issue can have multiple assignees.
>   - We have to approve the issue and add a "hacktoberfest" tag.
>   - We encourage everybody to contribute to all types of issues. We will only send swag for issues with features and bug fixes (no typos, sorry).
> - **How to sign up**: No separate signup known
> - **Issues**: All [open issues](https://github.com/gitroomhq/postiz-app/issues)
> - **Notes**: Read the [contributing guide](https://github.com/gitroomhq/postiz-app/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Swag**: T-shirt.
- **Requirements**:
  - You must create an issue before making a pull request.
  - You can also ask to be assigned to an issue. During Hacktoberfest, each issue can have multiple assignees.
  - We have to approve the issue and add a "hacktoberfest" tag.
  - We encourage everybody to contribute to all types of issues. We will only send swag for issues with features and bug fixes (no typos, sorry).
- **How to sign up**: No separate signup known
- **Issues**: All [open issues](https://github.com/gitroomhq/postiz-app/issues)
- **Notes**: Read the [announcement post](https://github.com/gitroomhq/postiz-app#we-participate-in-hacktoberfest-2024-) for more information.
```
